[docs] Update macOS install instructions (#747)
KirillOsenkov/MSBuildStructuredLog: README.md

There are a couple of extra steps to get the .app running on macOS since it's currently distributed as an unsigned application:

1. In _System Preferences -> Security & Privacy_ ensure _Allow apps downloaded from:_ is set to `App Store and identified developers`.
2. Download the _StructuredLogViewer-x64.zip_ (if on Intel Mac) or _Structured.Log.Viewer-arm64.zip_ (if on M1/ARM) from the latest [Release](https://github.com/KirillOsenkov/MSBuildStructuredLog/releases).
3. If necessary, unzip the file (Safari does this for you after downloading automatically).
4. Move the `StructuredLogViewer.app` into your `Applications` folder.
5. In terminal run: `chmod +x StructuredLogViewer.app/Contents/MacOS/StructuredLogViewer.Avalonia` to give the app execution permissions

> 6. In terminal run: `codesign -s- --deep StructuredLogViewer.app` to workaround notorization issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In terminal run: `codesign -s- --deep StructuredLogViewer.app` to work around notarization issues
```
